35 Cookie Recipes Everyone Should Know How to Make | Taste of Home

Hello, 
                                        My Account
                                        My Recipe Box
                                        My Newsletters
                                        Customer Care
                                        Log Out
							Newsletter
							Submit a RecipeLog In
Join
Newsletters
				SUBSCRIBE NOW
				Give a Gift
				Cookbooks
				Newsletters
			subscribe!
			Search		
				 
		MENU
	
						COLLECTIONS					
						
							Breakfast & Brunch Ideas						
						
							Comfort Food Recipes						
						
							Healthy Recipes						
						
							Kid-Friendly Recipes						
						
							Potluck Recipes to Share						
					
						DELIGHTFUL DESSERTS					
						
									27 Favorite Mini Desserts								
								
									The Best Cookies for Dunking								
								
									Top 10 Recipes for Fudge								
	
		Recipes	
	
						RECIPES BY COURSE					
						
							Appetizers						
						
							Breakfast						
						
							Desserts						
						
							Dinner						
						
							Salads						
						
							Side Dishes						
						
							More Courses						
					
						RECIPES BY INGREDIENT					
						
							Apple						
						
							Beef						
						
							Chicken						
						
							Pumpkin						
						
							Squash						
						
							Sweet Potato						
						
							More Ingredients						
					
						RECIPES BY COOKING STYLE					
						
							Easy						
						
							Make Ahead						
						
							Potluck						
						
							Quick						
						
							Slow Cooker						
						
							More Cooking Styles						
						
							COOKING VIDEOS						
						
							HOW TO COOK						
						
							PARTNER RECIPES						
						
							RECIPE COLLECTIONS						
						
							SIMPLE & DELICIOUS						
						
							SEE ALL RECIPES						
				                                  SUBMIT A RECIPE                                   RECIPE CONTESTS                    SPECIAL HOLIDAY OFFER: Give a Gift Free!       SUBSCRIBE TODAY       			
	
		Holidays	
	
						HOLIDAYS					
						
							Christmas						
						
							Hanukkah						
						
							New Year's						
						
							More Holidays						
					
						CELEBRATIONS					
						
							Holiday Baking						
						
							Christmas Parties						
						
							Super Bowl						
						
							More Celebrations						
					
						CHRISTMAS RECIPES					
						
									75 Incredibly Easy 5-Ingredient Christmas Recipes								
								
									37 Dazzling Desserts Perfect for a White Christmas								
								
									45 Southern Thanksgiving Recipes								
								
									More Recipes								
	
		How-to	
	
						HOW TO					
						
							Make Chicken Stock						
						
							Make a Frittata						
						
							Make Frozen Yogurt						
						
							Make Gravy						
						
							Measure Flour						
					
						HOW TO MAKE MASHED POTATOES					
						
							Learn how to make creamy, dreamy, delicious mashed potatoes with tips from our Test Kitchen.						
								<
									More Tips & How Tos								
	
		Events	
	
						TASTE OF HOME LIVE!					
						
							Taste of Home's NEW event series! See us live in a city near you!						
						
							Tour Dates and More						
					
						FOOD, FUN & NEW RECIPES!					
						
							Join us as we hit the road with our new live cooking show!						
								
									Find Tickets								
	
		Contests	
	
						ULTIMATE SLOW COOKER RECIPE CONTEST					
						
							Slow cooker to the rescue! Tell us how your crock rocks recipes for breakfast, lunch, dinner or dessert.						
								
									Enter Your Recipe Now								
					
							Submit a Recipe to the Test Kitchen						
						
							Enter to Win a Le Creuset Cookware Set!						
						
							Enter to Win a KitchenAid Stand Mixer!						
	
		Magazine	
	
						TRY AMERICA'S #1 COOKING MAGAZINE!					
						
							Real home cooks share their best family favorites in every issue of Taste of Home.
Subscribe Now for our BEST DEAL!						
								
									SAVE NOW								
					
						SUBSCRIBE					
						
							Renew Subscription						
						
							Gift Subscriptions						
						
							Digital Editions						
						
							Free Newsletters						
						
							Cookbooks						
						
							Customer Care						
	
		Dinner ideas	
	
						WHAT TO MAKE FOR DINNER WHEN YOUR FRIDGE IS BARE					
						
							You know the feeling. Pondering what to make for dinner, you open the refrigerator and...nothing!  We got you covered with these simple, delicious recipes.						
								
									Get Recipes								
					
						WHAT'S FOR DINNER?					
						
							60 All-Day Slow Cooker Recipes						
						
							50 Great Ways to Make Lasagna						
						
							40 Tasty Chicken Thigh Recipes						
						
							24 Ways to Make Dinner Faster						
						
							25 Ways to Eat Eggs All Day						
	Submit
		a Recipe
My
		Recipe Box
Log
		in
My
		Account
Join

	Log
		out

Main navigation
Collections
Recipes
Holidays
How-To
Events
Contests
Magazine
Dinner Ideas
Submit a Recipe
My Recipe Box My Account Log Out Log In Join

Our best cookie recipes have earned top ratings from home cooks far and wide. From chocolate chip peanut butter to coconut macaroons, these are the must-bakes that belong in your recipe box.					
				 View as slideshow
Chippy Peanut Butter Cookies
"Hey, these are good!" is the surprised remark I hear when I bake these for the family. As simple as it may seem, all I do is follow directions. This works exceptionally well when it comes to making cookies. —Ian Badeer, Hickman, Nebraska
Get Recipe
Thumbprint Butter Cookies
These buttery little rounds add beautiful color to a platter of treats. Fill the thumbprint in the center with any fruit preserves you like. —Taste of Home Test Kitchen
Get Recipe
S'more Sandwich Cookies
Capture the taste of campfire s'mores in your kitchen. Graham cracker crumbs added to chocolate chip cookie dough bring out the flavor of the fireside favorite. Melting the cookies' marshmallow centers in the microwave makes them simple to assemble. —Abby Metzger, Larchwood, Iowa
Get Recipe
Toffee Almond Sandies
These crispy classics are loaded with crunchy chopped toffee and almonds, so there's no doubt as to why they're my husband's favorite cookie. I used to bake them in large batches when our four sons still lived at home. Now I whip them up for the grandchildren! —Alice Kahnk, Kennard, Nebraska
Get Recipe
Iced Orange Cookies
I usually make these bite-size cookies at Christmastime, when oranges in Florida are plentiful. Every time I sniff their wonderful aroma, I remember my grandmother, who shared the recipe. —Lori DiPietro, New Port Richey, Florida
Get Recipe
Big Soft Ginger Cookies
These nicely spiced, soft gingerbread cookies are perfect for folks who like the flavor of ginger but don't care for crunchy gingersnaps. —Barbara Gray, Boise, Idaho
Get Recipe
Amish Sugar Cookies
These easy-to-make cookies simply melt in your mouth! I've passed the recipe around to many friends. After I gave the recipe to my sister, she entered the cookies in a local fair and won the "best of show" prize! —Sylvia Ford, Kennett, Missouri
Get Recipe
Chocolate Mexican Wedding Cakes
These spiced balls are a yummy twist on a traditional favorite. Sometimes I add mini chocolate chips to the dough and, after baking, dip the cooled cookies in melted almond bark. —Joanne Valkema, Freeport, Illinois
Get Recipe
Chewy Chocolate Cookies
This cookie recipe—a favorite of our four children—has been in my collection for years. Sometimes I'll substitute mint-flavored chips for the semisweet chocolate ones. Either way, the cookies disappear quickly.
Get Recipe
Crisp Sugar Cookie Mix
I've relied on this mix for these light sugar cookies for years, even selling it at bazaars. I package it in a plastic bag tied with pretty ribbon and attach a cookie cutter and copy of the recipe. —Eneatha Attig Secrest, Mattoon, Illinois
Get Recipe
Oatmeal Raisin Cookies
I was given this recipe by a friend many years ago, and these cookies are as delicious as Mom used to make. The secret to this recipe is to measure exactly (no guessing on the amounts) and to not overbake. —Wendy Coalwell, Abbeville, Georgia
Get Recipe
White Chocolate Macadamia Cookies
White baking chips and macadamia nuts are a fantastic duo in these buttery cookies. They are a nice change from the classic chocolate chip ones. —Cathy Lennon, Newport, Tennessee
Get Recipe
Lemon Tea Cookies
These sandwich cookies taste rich and buttery and have a lovely lemon filling. The recipe has been in our family since the 1950s, when my mother got it from a French friend in her club. —Phyllis Dietz, Westland, Michigan
Get Recipe
Miniature Peanut Butter Treats
This recipe is one of my family's favorites, and I make these treats a lot, especially at Christmas. I have 3 children and 8 grandchildren, and every one of them loves those "peanut butter thingies," as the grandchildren call them! —Jodie McCoy, Tulsa, Oklahoma
Get Recipe
Frosted Red Velvet Cookies
During college, my student job was in the bakery. These Red Velvet Cookies take me back to that special place and time. —Christina Petri, Alexandria, Minnesota
Get Recipe
German Chocolate Thumbprint Cookies
I love anything with the German chocolate combination of chocolate, pecans and coconut. The taste is most often associated with cake—until now! —Kathleen Morrow, Hubbard, Ohio
Get Recipe

Cranberry Cookies with Browned Butter Glaze
I won a baking contest with these chunky glazed cookies that are so easy, even novice bakers can pull them off. What makes them special? Fresh cranberries. —Laurie Cornett, Charlevoix, Michigan
Get Recipe
White Chocolate Pistachio and Cranberry Biscotti
Over the years, I've adapted my most-requested biscotti recipe to add some of my favorite ingredients: cranberries, white chocolate and pistachios. This biscotti keeps and freezes well.—Susan Nelson, Newbury Park, California
Get Recipe
Yummy Cracker Snacks
These treats are my family's favorite, and it seems no matter how many I make, they always disappear too soon. —D. Weaver, Ephrata, Pennsylvania
Get Recipe
Dipped Gingersnaps
I get a great deal of satisfaction making and giving time-tested yuletide treats like these soft, chewy cookies. Dipping them in white chocolate makes great gingersnaps even more special. —Laura Kimball, West Jordan, Utah
Get Recipe

Lemony Gingerbread Whoopie Pies
These spiced-just-right whoopie pies combine two popular flavors in one fun treat. The moist cookies are rolled in sugar before baking for a bit of crunch. —Jamie Jones, Madison, Georgia
Get Recipe
Chocolate Caramel Thumbprints
Covered in chopped nuts and drizzled with chocolate, these cookies are delicious and pretty, too. Everybody looks forward to munching on them during the holidays. —Elizabeth Marino, San Juan Capistrano, California
Get Recipe
Butter Cookies
These cookies are favorites of my nephews, who love the creamy frosting. —Ruth Griggs, South Hill, Virginia
Get Recipe
Lime & Gin Coconut Macaroons
I took these lime and coconut macaroons to our annual cookie exchange, where we name a queen. I won the crown! — Milissa Kirkpatrick, Angel Fire, New Mexico
Get Recipe

Fudgy Mint Cookies
Chocolate lovers will get a double dose when they bite into this cake-like cookie. The cookies are especially popular served alongside a big scoop of mint chocolate chip ice cream! —Renee Schwebach, Dumont, Minnesota
Get Recipe
Cranberry Oatmeal Cookies
Dotted with cranberries, orange peel and vanilla chips, these cookies are so colorful and fun to eat. They look lovely on a dessert tray and would be a great addition to your Christmas cookie lineup. —Pat Habiger, Spearville, Kansas
Get Recipe
Gluten-Free Peanut Butter Kiss Cookies
Guests will stand in line to kiss the cook when these treats are served! For a change of pace, try them with chunky peanut butter, too. —Canada60, Tasteofhome.com Community
Get Recipe
Shortbread Squares
Here's a traditional shortbread recipe that's perfect with a cup of hot tea or coffee. It's a favorite during the holidays. —G. C. Mayhew, Grass Valley, California
Get Recipe

Almond Spritz Cookies
These almond-flavored cookies can be left plain or decorated with colored sugar and frosting. In our house, it just wouldn't be Christmas without them.—Tanya Hart, Muncie, Indiana
Get Recipe
Giant Molasses Cookies
My family always requests these soft molasses cookies. These chewy molasses cookies are also great for shipping as holiday gifts or to troops overseas. —Kristine Chayes, Smithtown, New York
Get Recipe
Coconut Clouds
Coconut lovers will have extra reason to celebrate when they taste these cake-like drop cookies. The generous frosting and coconut topping make them a hit at holiday cookie swaps. —Donna Scofield, Yakima, Washington
Get Recipe
Peanut Butter Sandwich Cookies
I'm a busy mother of two young children. I work in our school office and help my husband on our hog and cattle farm. When I find time to bake a treat, I like it to be special. The creamy filling gives traditional peanut butter cookies a new twist. —Debbie Kokes, Tabor, South Dakota
Get Recipe

Snickerdoodles
The history of this whimsically named treat is widely disputed, but the popularity of this classic cinnamon-sugar-coated cookie is undeniable! —Taste of Home Test Kitchen
Get Recipe
Chocolate Chip Oatmeal Cookies
Crazy about chocolate chips? This chewy cookie has plenty, not to mention lots of heart-healthy oatmeal. The gang’ll come back for more and more... so this big batch is perfect. —Diane Neth, Menno, South Dakota
Get Recipe
Tender Italian Sugar Cookies
These traditional Italian cookies are moist and tender. —Weda Mosellie, Phillipsburg, New Jersey
Get Recipe
Recommended for You
Top 10 Sponge Cake RecipesOur Absolute Best Pumpkin RecipesDesserts You Can Make in the Microwave20 Sparkling Desserts for a Fabulous New Year's Eve28 Desserts That Rely on a Shocking IngredientDiabetic Dessert Recipes for the HolidaysThe Best Key Lime Pie Recipes9 Comfy, Cozy Recipes That Start with a Carton of Dessert RollsWhen Life Gives You Lemons, Make One of These Recipes37 Dazzling Desserts Perfect for a White Christmas56 Slice-and-Bake Cookies for Easy Christmas BakingThe Best M&M Cookie Recipes22 Showstopping Christmas Desserts (You Can Actually Pull Off!)35 Easy Christmas Cookies for a Stress-Free HolidayThe Ultimate Christmas Baking CountdownPopular VideosReader Interactions
			Free Newsletter
Receive new recipes and fan favorites for daily inspiration!
Sign Up

Follow Us


Load thickbox...


Collections
Recipes
Holidays
How-To
Events
Contests
Magazines
About Us
Contests
RSS
Magazine Customer Service
Contact Us
Log In
Help
Press Room
Advertising
Terms & Conditions
NEW – Privacy Policy
Your CA Privacy Rights
About Ads
			&copy; 2017 RDA Enthusiast Brands, LLC
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERS!
Sign up
			FOLLOW US
OUR BRANDS
Reader's Digest
The Family Handyman
Birds & Blooms
&copy; 2017 RDA Enthusiast Brands, LLC










